doc/release-note-3.2: Flash driver changelog (#50710)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.2.rst

  * Atmel eefc: Fix support for Cortex-M4 variants.
  * Added flash driver for Renesas Smartbond platform
  * Added support for STM32H7 and STM32U5 in the STM32 OSPI driver.
  * Added DMA transfer support in the STM32 OSPI driver.
  * Added driver for GigaDevice GD32 SoCs
  * Added Flash support for NXP LPCXpresso55S36.
  * Added Flash support for NXP MIMXRT595 EVK.
  * Added on-chip flash driver for TI CC13xx/CC26xx.
  * Fixed flash to flash write for Telink B91.
  * Fixed DMA priority configuration in the stm32 QSPI driver.

>   * Drivers are enabled by default based on theirs devicetree hardware declartions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Drivers are enabled by default based on their devicetree hardware declarations.
  * ```

  * Fixed write from unaligned source for STM32G0x.
  * Added Flash support for Renesas Smartbond platform.

>   * Added Flash support for Cadnece QSPI NOR FLASH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added Flash support for Cadence QSPI NOR FLASH.
```
